Thank you very much. I don't know what you've got.
One, two, three, four.
Hey, Miss, come here.
Yes?
This is the house of Mr. Tepo.
If it's Mr. Yat, go ahead.
Thank you very much.
Let's see. Five, six, seven, eight.
Miss, come here.
Yes?
This is the house of Mr. Tepo.
If it's Mr. Yat, go ahead.
What?
I was surprised.
It's gotten so far.
So far?
Oh, it's the house of Mr. Tepo.
The director said so.
The people who live here are all liars.
You're tired of lying.
You won't understand even if you hear it for the rest of your life.
It's a pity.
You don't understand when you come here.
Who is honest?
Oh, there's a child.
You're honest when you're a child.
Hey, hey, what's up, mister?
You'll understand when you hear it.
I'm here.
I got a lie detector.
Here it is.
Oh, right.
There's a liar named Tepo Yoshi.
Tell me where I am.
If it's Mr. Yat, it's my father.
Oh, really?
You're honest.
Where am I?
Here?
It's a great house.
I'm a liar from Tokyo.
I came to ask you.
Are you here?
I'm from Chinatown, but I don't have a father.
You can't go.
Where are you going?
I went to the mountain in Fuji.
I had a phone call.
I went to Tsukaibo with three rice balls.
What do you mean?
You're a terrible kid.
What?
Children are honest.
What did your mother say?
I went to wash the net.
What do you mean?
You're a big liar.
What are you doing?
I can't eat 10 times.
I ate 5 times, but I still have 5 left.
I can't eat.
I'll come again.
Hey, that's a lie.
You're a big liar.
I'm not going to ask you.
I'm a big liar.
You're a big liar.
Lovely!
You're a liar.
I coddledunning the mountain.
I took three rice balls and went to Tsukaibo.
I coled 본누.
You're a big liar.
I go to the Central gambling site.
I moved to the forecast.
I'm a big liar.
I was wondering if he was still hungry.
But he ran away.
He's a liar.
He ran away because he was so afraid.
He was a paper thief.
He's a liar.
I'll give you 15 yen.
You'll be scolded if you have a lot of money.
Yakko, give me the money.
I'm not lying.